Specify fallback keys (#3615)
matrix-org/matrix-doc: content/client-server-api/modules/end_to_end_encryption.md

trying to store too many private keys. A device that is trying to store
too many private keys may discard keys starting with the oldest.

{{% boxes/warning %}}
Fallback keys are used to prevent one-time key exhaustion when devices

> are offline/unable to upload additional keys, though can also be used
> to initiate replay attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are offline/unable to upload additional keys, though sessions started using
fallback keys could be vulnerable to replay attacks.
```

{{% /boxes/warning %}}

{{% boxes/warning %}}
Clients should not store the private half of fallback keys indefinitely
to avoid situations where attackers can decrypt past messages sent using
that fallback key.

Instead, clients should keep the private keys for at most 2 fallback keys:
the current, unused, fallback key and the key immediately preceding it.
Once the client is reasonably certain it has received all messages that

> used the old fallback key, such as after an hour since the last message,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used the old fallback key, such as after an hour since the first message,
```
